Document release instructions (#946)
elan-ev/opencast-studio: README.md

| `REACT_APP_SETTINGS_PATH`         | `/mysettings.toml` | Path from which to load the configuration (see `CONFIGURATION.md` for more information)
| `REACT_APP_INCLUDE_LEGAL_NOTICES` | `1`                | Set to `1` to include legal notices and information about ELAN e.V., any other value or having this variable not set will not include them. Unless you are working for ELAN e.V. there is probably no reason for you to use this variable.

## How to release Opencast Studio:

Checkout master-branch from Opencast Studio (working directory should be clean!). 
Execute './create-release.sh'. Now there should be two new *.tar.gz files.

### Release:

Go to https://github.com/elan-ev/opencast-studio/releases and click "Draft a new release". Click on "choose a tag" and enter the current date in YYYY-MM-DD and then "Create new tag".
Make sure target is still 'master'.

> As release title enter the current date again in the same format.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As a release title, enter the current date again in the same format.
```

List all changes (since the last release) in the text box.
Upload the two *.tar.gz files and click "Publish release".

> ### Update Opencast:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Update Opencast
```

Checkout a new branch. 
Go to modules/studio/pom.xml. You have to change two lines:
  <opencast.studio.url> -> change the url to the new relase-url from *integrated.tar.gz. (Usually only the date has to be adjusted here.)
  <opencast.studio.sha256> -> update the sha256 hash. (Run sha256sum *-integrated.tar.gz in Opencast Studio folder)

>  Open a new PR (optional: add link to release and changelog in description)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 Open a new pull request (optional: add a link to the release and changelog in the description)
```

>  Befor opening an new PR, you can build Opencast and test Opencast Studio (The release date should be on the info info page)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before opening a new pull request, you can build Opencast and test Opencast Studio. The release date should be on the info page.
```

| `REACT_APP_SETTINGS_PATH`         | `/mysettings.toml` | Path from which to load the configuration (see `CONFIGURATION.md` for more information)
| `REACT_APP_INCLUDE_LEGAL_NOTICES` | `1`                | Set to `1` to include legal notices and information about ELAN e.V., any other value or having this variable not set will not include them. Unless you are working for ELAN e.V. there is probably no reason for you to use this variable.

## How to release Opencast Studio

Checkout the branch `master` from Opencast Studio and make sure it is up-to-date (working directory should be clean!). 
Execute `./create-release.sh`. Now there should be two new `*.tar.gz` files.

### Release

Go to [the release section on GitHub](https://github.com/elan-ev/opencast-studio/releases) and click "Draft a new release". Click on "choose a tag" and enter the current date in YYYY-MM-DD and then "Create new tag".
Make sure the target is still `master`.
As a release title, enter the current date again in the same format.
List all changes (since the last release) in the text box.
Upload the two `*.tar.gz` files and click "Publish release".

### Update Opencast

Checkout a new branch. 

> Go to modules/studio/pom.xml. You have to change two lines:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Go to `modules/studio/pom.xml`. You have to change two lines:
```
